Updated guidance for rate limit requests (#13544)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/customer-faqs.md

## Can you increase my rate limits?

> We are working on a charging model for this, but for now we need to first figure out whether a customer should optimize their usage of our [/query](/docs/api/queries) endpoint before raising any limits.  Start a thread in <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C0932JBCUFL'>#project-endpoints</PrivateLink> with the organization and project IDs of the customer and which endpoint they are using.  The Endpoints team can then help figure out why they are being rate limited and whether they can solve their problem without removing rate limits (e.g. through materialization of views).  If we do need to add them to the rate limit override, you should first make it clear to the customer that we will soon be charging separately for this endpoint, but increased rate limits are free before that charging model is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are working on a charging model for this, but for now we need to first figure out whether a customer should optimize their usage of our [/query](/docs/api/queries) endpoint before raising any limits.  Start a thread in <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C0932JBCUFL'>#project-endpoints</PrivateLink> with the organization and project IDs of the customer and which endpoint they are using.  The Endpoints team can then help figure out why they are being rate limited and whether they can solve their problem without removing rate limits (e.g. eg if they are hitting an artificial rate limit due to concurrency throttles + long queries, they can materialize views to make the queries faster). 

If we do need to add them to the rate limit override, you should first make it clear to the customer that we will soon be charging separately for this endpoint, but increased rate limits are free before that charging model is released.
```

I'm not sure about the second bit - the rate limit override. I don't think we should be adding any new customers to the env var that removes all API rate limits. @orian are we able to increase per-customer rate limits on /query?
